Update Windows docs (#4581)
projectcalico/calico: getting-started/windows-calico/kubernetes/requirements.md

#### Linux platform 

- At least one Linux Kubernetes worker node to run {{site.prodname}}'s cluster-wide components that meets [Linux system requirements]({{site.baseurl}}/getting-started/kubernetes/requirements), and is installed with {{site.prodname}} v3.12+.

> - VXLAN or BGP without encapsulation is supported if using Calico CNI. IPIP (Calico's default encapsulation mode) is not supported. Use the following command to turn off IPIP.

Reviewer: Shall we use {{site.prodname}} instead of Calico?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- VXLAN or BGP without encapsulation is supported if using {{site.prodname}} CNI. IPIP ({{site.prodname}}'s default encapsulation mode) is not supported. Use the following command to turn off IPIP.
```

calicoctl ipam configure --strictaffinity=true
```

> >**Note**: {{site.prodnameWindows}} requires four Linux worker nodes in order to meet high-availability requirements for Typha.

Author: This was fixed a while ago in the operator
